ormation systems by designing, developing, and installing software solutions.
Develop software solutions by studying information needs, conferring with users, and studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes.
Develop creative, efficient and scalable technical solutions for given business problems in standard modeling languages.
Develop highly performant, testable, scalable, object-oriented code.
Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions.
Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.
Review code and pull requests to ensure architectural standards and code quality are maintained.
Develop and maintain unit and integration tests.
Deploy the code to non-production environments.
Collaborate with other engineers to design, implement and test data layer for performance, data integrity and scalability.
Collaborate with other engineers to identify common pain points, develop solutions and evangelize best practices.
Solve complex engineering problems up and down the platform.
Work to ensure that all project deliverables are on time and high quality.
Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues.
Follows the software development lifecycle using Agile development methodology.
Accomplish engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed.
Proficient in Java, Typescript, React, CSS, PHP, Python.
Working knowledge of the differences in developing for various browsers and platforms.
Experience in SQL (PostgreSQL).
Experience in ElasticSearch and GWT is a plus.
Ability to learn quickly and work independently with minimal direction and guidance.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong sense of ownership of your work
5 years of experience or 8 years of related field experience.
Bachelor's degree
Ability to pass background checks
Evening or weekend work sometimes required to meet client requirements.

REQUIRED SOFTWARE SKILLS:

JavaScript expertise including promises and asynchronous programming.
Web development HTML/CSS
Node.js knowledge and development experience
DESIRED SOFTWARE SKILLS:

Svelte and SvelteKit
MongoDB
Electron or NW.js
PostgreSQL or other Relational Database
Development experience in both Windows and Linux environments
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE:

Bachelor’s degree (B.A. or B.S.) from four-year College or university and 2 - 4 years of related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.


Preferred skills

Full-stack development experience with.NET, SQL Server and cloud technologies
Curiosity to ask questions to get to the heart of a problem

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering
Alternatively, without the above degree, 8+ years of related experience
5-7 years of related work experience designing, programming and supporting software applications
Experience leading a team of developers

HTML (HTML5)
JavaScript
Angular 6
Blazor
CSS Web-based programming concepts
SQL server usage for code development
Mobile app development
Cloud architecture and development
ADO.Net
Entity Framework Manager
.Net Core
C#.Net
ASP.Net
MVC
JSON

Required skills:


6+ years development experience in ASP.Net, Visual Basic (VB) and C#

Bachelor’s degree

Excellent oral and written communication skills

Ability to work well independently or in a team setting

SQL database design/development experience

What we’re looking for:


Experience with Visual Studio, GIT and Azure DevOps
7+ years of application development experience or demonstrate equivalent skills across the following technologies:
.NET Framework/Core
Angular
C#
JSON
SCSS/SASS
SQL
Test Driven Development/Unit Testing
Typescript, ES6
Web API/Rest

Bonus Points:


Working knowledge or experience with any of the following technologies:
Agile Methodology
Asynchronous Programming
Azure Data Bricks
Azure Data Factory
Azure Functions
Azure Logic Apps
Azure PAAS
Browser Compatibility Testing
Cosmos DB
CQRS Pattern
Dependency Injection
Entity Framework & LINQ
MicroServices
OData
Python

Education:


Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or related degree is preferred.

Qualifications


Minimum of 5 years of experience in developing, configuring, implementing, and supporting diverse enterprise applications utilizing a n-tier architecture, the Microsoft technology stack, and the .NET framework.

Minimum of 5 years of experience in ASP.Net development, including experience with MVC Framework, JavaScript, HTML and CSS.

Minimum 5 years of experience developing applications on the SQL Server platform using T-SQL, stored procedures, and functions.

Experience leveraging Entity Framework or similar ORM for database interactions.

Strong experience creating REST APIs and Microservices implementation on Azure.

Strong experience with Web Sockets using SignalR.

Strong experience with building SaaS solutions using Azure services such as Azure SQL Database, Azure Functions, API Management, Azure App Service, Azure Service Bus, Azure Redis.

Proficiency with a modern JavaScript framework such as React, Angular, or similar.

Strong understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP).

Ability to leverage inversion of control and unit testing to deliver a loosely coupled architecture with a focus on quality.

Experience leveraging Azure DevOps (ADO) or Jira for work item management and Git for version control.

Understanding of DevOps and the value of deployment automation. Experience with Azure DevOps deployment YAML pipelines, Octopus or similar.

Strong interpersonal and communication skills; able to interact effectively with people from many different disciplines.

Ability to guide and mentor junior developers with a passion for developing others.

Bachelor's degree in computer science, Information Technology, or related field or equivalent work experience.

Strong knowledge of software development best practices, including coding standards, code reviews and automated testing.

Strong interpersonal and communication skills; able to interact effectively with people from many different disciplines.


Other Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred experience with Azure

Experience with Scaled Agile Framework.

Qualifications:

Required
2+ years of DevOps Engineering, specifically in Azure.
Good understanding of various technology stacks supporting IT applications and demonstrated experience to design and architect DevOps solutions with new technologies
Understand Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) frameworks and how to implement SOA in Financial/Tax based enterprise applications;
Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related engineering field, or relevant work experience
Ability to travel 25%, on average, based on the work you do and the clients and industries/sectors you serve

Preferred
Azure certification
One of the following accreditations obtained, in process, or willing and able to obtain:
Licensed CPA in state of practice/primary office if eligible to sit for the CPA
If not CPA eligible:
Licensed Attorney
Enrolled Agent
Vendor Certification for Management of Implementations (Oracle, SAP, Thomson Reuters, etc.)
Project Management (PMP)
Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer (MCSD)
Six Sigma (Black Belt)
Other - additional various tax technology accreditations may be acceptable based on business review and approval

Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree is required from an accredited university, preferably in a technical discipline
5+ years of overall application development experience using full software development lifecycle methodology
3+ years of experience in application and web development using .NET, C#, ASP.NET, HTML/XHTML/DHTML, XML, JavaScript, DCOM, VBScript, and CSS
2+ years of experience with enterprise-level application implementation, support and integration
Experience in the use of various IDEs, such as Visual Studio, SQL Management Studio, and Eclipse, etc.
Strong knowledge of relational database concepts and management techniques (preferably Oracle or MS SQL 2008 and higher)
Experience in data structure design and data extraction techniques using SQL queries, store procedures or modern tools
Knowledge of application security including authentication, authorization and data encryption methods
Knowledge of system and software quality assurance best practices and methodologies
Excellent analytical, problem solving and decision making skills
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Must be able to work independently and within a collaborative team environment
Ability to prioritize multiple tasks and work with end users to meet given goals and objectives
Ability to train team members on application design, functionality and architecture
A personal sense of accountability around the ultimate success of CMSD transformation

Key Responsibilities
Design, develop and maintain WordPress websites and themes
Optimize websites for search engines and user experience
Debugging and troubleshooting website issues
Collaborate with designers, project managers and other developers
Stay up to date with the latest trends and technologies in WordPress development
Test website performance to ensure optimal user experience and rankings
Key Technologies
WordPress CMS
HTML
PHP
CSS
MySQL
Additional Notes
Prefer 3+ years’ experience in WordPress.
Please provide samples of development work.

Bachelor’s degree in computer science or similar technical field, required.
Or, in lieu of degree, 6 or more years of experience delivering applications - Working on an agile software development team(s).
1 or more years of experience writing code and working with data to deliver technical results.
Experience with the following technology groups:

Knowledge of 1 or more modern programming language (preferably Python or C++)
Significant experience in web development with front-end languages (e.g. React) including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Mastering software design skills and methodologies (algorithms, data structures, design patterns, software architecture)
Ability to translate feature requirements and technical design into a working implementation.
Working with cloud platforms such as AWS or Microsoft Azure

Bachelor’s degree in computer science or similar technical field, required.
Or, in lieu of degree, 6 or more years of experience delivering applications - Working on an agile software development team(s).
1 or more years of experience writing code and working with data to deliver technical results.
Experience with the following technology groups:

Knowledge of 1 or more modern programming language (preferably Python or C++)
Significant experience in web development with front-end languages (e.g. React) including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Mastering software design skills and methodologies (algorithms, data structures, design patterns, software architecture)
Ability to translate feature requirements and technical design into a working implementation.
Working with cloud platforms such as AWS or Microsoft Azure

Required:
Bachelor's degree in Business Information Systems, Computer Science, or similar degree
2+ years of web development experience in Microsoft technologies; such as NET/.Net Core, ASP.NET MVC, JQuery, Angular/AngularJS, SPA Development experience, OOPs, Entity Framework, C#, Microsoft Azure Development
Experience with Visual Studio 2017 and later, Source Control - TFS / GIT / VSTS
Experience developing Azure Applications (Azure Functions, Service Bus etc.) and Azure SQL
Experience designing enterprise software and defining technology architectures (design patterns, SOA, etc.) and multi-tier system development and integration with other external systems
Understanding of design patterns, architectural patterns, build automation, automated testing and continuous development and integration processes
Experience with database design, querying, stored procedures, views, joins, performance management etc.
Ability to travel 25%, on average, based on the work you do and the clients and industries/sectors you serve

Preferred:
Team Lead for developers working on global projects
One of the following accreditations obtained, in process, or willing and able to obtain:
Licensed CPA in state of practice/primary office if eligible to sit for the CPA
If not CPA eligible:
Licensed Attorney
Enrolled Agent
Vendor Certification for Management of Implementations (Oracle, SAP, Thomson Reuters, etc.)
Project Management (PMP)
Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer (MCSD)
Six Sigma (Black Belt)
Other - additional various tax technology accreditations may be acceptable based on business review and approval

Main Sequence, the company behind PCRecruiter, is hiring a Software Developer with 1 to 3 years experience in any combination of C#, VB.NET, JAVA, 
JavaScript, SQL, HTML, REST Web Services, and Mobile Development knowledge.

Excellent testing, documentation, and troubleshooting talent a plus, as are a passion for Windows & Microsoft technology product development. We aim 
for candidates will will maintain our highly intelligent and creative company culture, attitude and aptitude as we foster and encourage a learning environment.

WHO YOU ARE

High school diploma or equivalent required; Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline preferred
Minimum of 2 years experience working with application design
Strong Microsoft programming skills including C# and SQL Server
Experience with HTML5, .NET, C#, JavaScript, AngularJS
Ability to work independently and as a team member
Strong communication and documentation skills
Experience developing program specifications and time schedules
Experience with development tools such as Kendo UI, Telerik Reports
Experience with ORMs such as Entity Framework or Dapper
Fit Factors
Details matter - quality first
Effective time management and personal organization
Sense of urgency - quick to prioritize multiple tasks
Flexibility - able to adapt to changing responsibilities
Communication skills
Ability to manage multiple priorities
Honesty and integrity
Accountability

Primary Qualifications
.NET Framework/ .NET Core
#C, MS SQL
MS SQL (Database normalization and working knowledge of stored procedures and triggers)
Expected Experience
Bachelor’s or Masters Degree in Computer Science or Related Field
1-3 Years experience building/maintaining websites that use industry standard content management systems (CMS)
Kentico
Sitefinity
Sitecore
1-3 Years professional web development using Microsoft web-based technology
.NET Framework/Core
Object Oriented Programming
Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio, source control, CI/CD

Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field / or equivalent experience
Understanding of .NET development
Proficient in C# programming language
Knowledge of .NET frameworks such as ASP.NET or .NET Core
Experience with front-end technologies such as JavaScript and HTML/CSS
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with Azure DevOps or other project management tools is preferred.

You must:

Know how to develop large applications in one or more of the following languages: C#, Java, C++, Python, or Ruby
Be interested in learning new programming languages
Be able to present your ideas and knowledge to a team of software developers
Be able to learn customer methods and needs.
Be able to work both independently and in teams.
Preferred Experience

Background in enterprise software development
Familiarity with testing and deployment tools for your preferred programming language
Android or iOS Programming Experience
Web development experience
Experience with .Net UI Controls
Experience with version control (especially git) and continuous integration
Understanding of development and project methodologies

What We're Looking For*:

These are guidelines only. Regardless of background, we're looking for someone with a passion for learning and growing. If that's you, we'd like to hear what you have to say.
2-6 years of designing and delivering .Net / SQL Server / Web Applications.
Recommended Bachelor's or advanced degree in relevant field
Working knowledge of software design and enterprise architecture patterns.
In-depth familiarity with Agile methodologies and pair programming is a plus
Experience introducing new technologies & using open-source solutions to solve problems
Project management basics
A technical mind with attention to detail
Demonstrated experience with:
developing RESTful web services in production environment
unit/integration/functional testing
the mechanisms source control, repositories, Wikis
continuous integration
Desired Software Proficiency:

Working knowledge of Microsoft Stack technologies
NET Core 2+, .Net Framework 4.5+, Entity Framework, Web API
RDBMS - MS SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL. Working knowledge with NoSQL such as MongoDB is a plus.
JavaScript / ReactJS / AngularJS / Angular 2+ / CSS / HTML5
Demonstrated experience designing and architecting scalable and resilient software
Intangibles and Tangibles:

Competitive compensation
Hudson office location
Flexible work-from-home policy
Autonomy to grow and explore
Challenging, engaging, and rewarding work

WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR
Your Experience & Education (Required)

5+ years of professional development experience
Experience in designing and developing enterprise applications utilizing .Net
Experience working in SQL Server environment
Proven experience developing modern APIs
Unit Test development
Experience with JavaScript (vue.js, Angular, Etc)/JQuery/Ajax/JSON
Knowledge of architectures and design patterns and the ability to discuss complex topics simply and efficiently
Strong written and oral communication skills
Nice to have experience:
Building cloud-based applications in Azure/AWS
Mobile application development
DevOps experience
